client: ignore restart issued to terminal allocations (#17175)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/17175.txt

```release-note:bug

> client: Fixed a bug where restart of terminal allocation would turn it into zombie

Reviewer: To clarify a bit without being the fun police :grinning: :

```suggestion
client: Fixed a bug where restarting a terminal allocation turns it into a zombie where allocation and task hooks will run unexpectedly
```
